# Go API client for chapar

API for interacting with the Chapar shipping service.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.15.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import chapar "github.com/user/chapar"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `chapar.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), chapar.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `chapar.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), chapar.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `chapar.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `chapar.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), chapar.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), chapar.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://app.krch.ir/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultAPI* | [**BulkHistoryReport**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#bulkhistoryreport) | **Post** /bulk_history_report | Receive tracking information for N consignments in a single report. With this method, you can retrieve the tracking information for one or several bills of lading.
*DefaultAPI* | [**BulkImport**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#bulkimport) | **Post** /bulk_import | Import multiple shipments at once.
*DefaultAPI* | [**CancelPickup**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#cancelpickup) | **Post** /cancel_pickup | This method is used to cancel an order.
*DefaultAPI* | [**GetCity**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#getcity) | **Post** /get_city | Use this method to receive the list of cities covered by the Chapar company.
*DefaultAPI* | [**GetQuote**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#getquote) | **Post** /get_quote | Get a shipping quote.
*DefaultAPI* | [**GetState**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#getstate) | **Get** /get_state | This method is used to receive the list of provinces covered by the Chapar company.
*DefaultAPI* | [**HistoryReport**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#historyreport) | **Post** /history_report | This method is used to receive information for each of the registered products.
*DefaultAPI* | [**Tracking**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#tracking) | **Post** /tracking | Track shipments.


## Documentation For Models

 - [BulkHistoryEvent](docs/BulkHistoryEvent.md)
 - [BulkHistoryReportRequest](docs/BulkHistoryReportRequest.md)
 - [BulkHistoryReportResponse](docs/BulkHistoryReportResponse.md)
 - [CancelPickupRequest](docs/CancelPickupRequest.md)
 - [City](docs/City.md)
 - [ConsignmentNote](docs/ConsignmentNote.md)
 - [FinancialInfo](docs/FinancialInfo.md)
 - [GetCityRequest](docs/GetCityRequest.md)
 - [GetCityRequestState](docs/GetCityRequestState.md)
 - [GetCityResponse](docs/GetCityResponse.md)
 - [GetCityResponseObjects](docs/GetCityResponseObjects.md)
 - [GetStateResponse](docs/GetStateResponse.md)
 - [HistoryEvent](docs/HistoryEvent.md)
 - [HistoryReportRequest](docs/HistoryReportRequest.md)
 - [HistoryReportRequestDate](docs/HistoryReportRequestDate.md)
 - [HistoryReportResponse](docs/HistoryReportResponse.md)
 - [ReceiverInfo](docs/ReceiverInfo.md)
 - [State](docs/State.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



